# 0x协议白皮书翻译

Abstract
We describe a protocol that facilitates low friction peer-to-peer exchange of ERC20 tokens on theEthereum blockchain.  The protocol is intended to serve as an open standard and common buildingblock, driving interoperability among decentralized applications (dApps) that incorporate exchangefunctionality.  Trades are executed by a system of Ethereum smart contracts that are publicly acces-sible, free to use and that any dApp can hook into.  DApps built on top of the protocol can accesspublic liquidity pools or create their own liquidity pool and charge transaction fees on the resultingvolume.  The protocol is unopinionated:  it does not impose costs on its users or arbitrarily extractvalue from one group of users to benefit another.  Decentralized governance is used to continuouslyand securely integrate updates into the base protocol without disrupting dApps or end users.


1    Introduction

Blockchains have been revolutionary by allowing anyone to own and transfer assets across an open finan-cial network without the need for a trusted third party.  Now that there are hundreds [1] of blockchain-based assets,  and more being added every month,  the need to exchange these assets is compounding.With the advent of smart contracts, it is possible for two or more parties to exchange blockchain assetswithout the need for a trusted third party.Decentralized exchange is an important progression from the ecosystem of centralized exchanges for afew  key  reasons:  decentralized  exchanges  can  provide  stronger  security  guarantees  to  end  users  sincethere is no longer a central party which can be hacked, run away with customer funds or be subjected togovernment regulations.  Hacks of Mt.  Gox, Shapeshift and Bitfinex [2, 3] have demonstrated that thesetypes of systemic risks are palpable.  Decentralized exchange will eliminate these risks by allowing usersto transact trustlessly - without a middleman - and by placing the burden of security onto individualusers rather than onto a single custodian.In the two years that have passed since the Ethereum blockchain’s genesis block, numerous decentralizedapplications (dApps) have created Ethereum smart contracts for peer-to-peer exchange.  Rapid iterationand a lack of best practices have left the blockchain scattered with proprietary and application-specificimplementations.  As a result, end users are exposed to numerous smart contracts of varying quality andsecurity, with unique configuration processes and learning curves, all of which implement the same func-tionality.  This approach imposes unecessary costs on the network by fragmenting end users accordingto the particular dApp each user happens to be using, destroying valuable network effects around liquidity.0x is an open protocol for decentralized exchange on the Ethereum blockchain.  It is intended to serveas a basic building block that may be combined with other protocols to drive increasingly sophisticateddApps [4].  0x uses a publicly accessible system of smart contracts that can act as shared infrastructurefor  a  variety  of  dApps,  as  shown  in  Figure  1.   In  the  long  run,  open  technical  standards  tend  to  winover closed ones, and as more assets are being tokenized on the blockchain each month, we will see moredApps that require the use of these different tokens.  As a result, an open standard for exchange is criticalto supporting this open economy.SharedExchangeProtocolEnd UsersdApp ASharedLiquidityPool(s)dApp BdApp NEthereum BlockchainFigure 1:  Open protocols should be application-agnostic.  Decoupling the protocol layer from the appli-cation layer provides mutual benefits for dApp developers and end users alike.3

